Various Colang 2 language reference documentation updates (#824)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Guardrails: docs/colang_2/language_reference/working-with-variables-and-expressions.rst

If you need to include a brace character in the literal text, it can be escaped by doubling: ``{{`` and ``}}``.

----------------------------------------
Flow Member Variables
----------------------------------------

To access a flow instance's member variables you can use a reference or the reserved variable ``$self`` from within the flow itself:

.. code-block:: colang

    $ref.uid: str # The unique id of the flow instance
    $ref.flow_id: str # The name of the flow
    $ref.status.value: str # Name of the low state ("waiting", "starting", "started", "stopping", "stopped", "finished")
    $ref.loop_id: Optional[str] # The interaction loop id of the flow
    $ref.parent_uid: Optional[str] # The unique id of the parent flow instance
    $ref.child_flow_uids: List[str] # All unique ids of the child flow instances
    $ref.context: dict # The variable context that contains all user defined variables in the flow

>     $ref.priority: float # Priority of the flow

Reviewer: Do we have somewhere what the value means? E.g. is 0.1 "more priority" than 10000.0. Is -77.7 a valid prioritiy?

Author: Added more information... This still need some work in terms of making it more flexible.

    $ref.arguments: dict # All arguments of the flow
    $ref.flow_instance_uid: str # Flow instance specific uid
    $ref.source_flow_instance_uid: str # The parent flow uid of the flow
    $ref.activate: bool # True if the flow was activated and will therefore restart immediately when finished
    $ref.new_instance_started: bool # True if new instance was started of an activated flow

You should not change those values if you are not sure what you are doing since this can have side effects on the further execution of the flow!

----------------------------------------
Action Member Variables
----------------------------------------

> To access the members of an action you can use an action reference:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the member variables of an action you can use an action reference:
```

.. code-block:: colang

    $ref.uid: str # The unique id of the action instance
    $ref.name: str # The name of the action
    $ref.flow_uid: str # The flow that the action started
    $ref.status.value: str # The action status ("initialized", "starting", "started", "stopping", "finished")
    $ref.context: dict # Contains all the action event parameters
    $ref.start_event_arguments: dict # Contains all action start arguments

----------------------------------------
Event Member Variables
----------------------------------------

To access the members of an event you can use an event reference:

.. code-block:: colang

    $ref.name: str # The name of the event

>     $ref.arguments: str # The name of the event arguments

Author: Good catch! Its a dictionary. Fixed it.
